Requirements:

Volturnus requires PHP5 and MySQL to be installed on your web server in order to
work. If you plan to use the rehashing bot you will also need to have php_sockets
enabled so that the bot can connect to the network. If you decide to use the Perl
script you will need to have the Digest::MD5 Perl module installed. You should 
have a cron daemon installed in order to run the script at any given interval.

Installation:

Extract the files locally or on your web server. There will be many folders --
you only need to upload the "php" folder. Move the folder or rename it, just 
keep the hierarchy in place.

 - Web
	To install the web-based control panel, import "config.sql" into your MySQL
	server. Edit "config.inc.php" in the "php" directory to include your MySQL
	details.
	
	NOTE: The default username and password the control panel is "config". Upon
	logging in you should change the password IMMEDIATELY. Create a new user, 
	give it full permissions, log in as that user, and delete the "config" user.
	Failure to do so may result in a compromise of your network!
	
 - IRCd
	Volturnus allows you to manage configuration in two ways. Depending on how
	you wish to use the control panel, you may need to install additional 
	software so that your IRCd works. Users who intend to use the rehashing bot
	should make sure that their IRCd is set up with remote includes. Users who
	wish to use the crontab should make sure that cron is set up and that the
	Digest::MD5 Perl module is installed.

	Use the config found in the "ircd" folder to configure your IRCd. The config
	is considerably smaller than the normal config file but will still allow your
	IRCd to boot regardless.
	
	NOTE: The config file shipped with Volturnus has been modified and should
	not be supported by the UnrealIRCd project. For configuration issues, please
	consult the UnrealIRCd documentation. If you feel there is an error with
	the config that we have included please let us know. DO NOT CONTACT THE
	UNREALIRCD PROJECT FOR HELP.
	
	- Rehash Bot using Remote Includes
		In order to use the rehash bot, you MUST make sure that your IRCd is set
		up to use remote includes. See the UnrealIRCd documentation for more
		information. You will NOT need the cron/perl script if you decide to use
		this feature. An example remote include is contained in the example.conf.
		
		The rehash bot will work out of the box, but you may wish to edit the
		values contained in "rehash.inc.php". Please note that changing the oper
		username and password in this file will require you to change the 
		"rehashbot" user in the control panel as well.

	- Crontab
		For *nix/*BSD users, something like this should work:
		0,15,30,45 * * * * /home/username/Unreal3.2/config.pl >> /dev/null 2>&1
		
		This will check for updates every 15 minutes. The Perl script used to
		check for updates should be moved from the "ircd" folder into your
		Unreal32 folder. If you've installed your IRCd into another folder, 
		place the perl script in the same directory that contains the IRCd
		PID file.
		
		Windows Users:
		Volturnus has not been tested on Windows and it is unlikely that we will
		make an effort to support this platform. If you wish to attempt to use
		Volturnus anyway, you will need to install Cron for Windows or use the 
		Windows Task Scheduler/at command to make this work properly.